---
title: "Untitled"
author: "Keana Richards"
date: "6/8/2020"
output: html_document
---

Study 2 will follow nearly identical procedures as those employed in Study 1, where participants will see the manipulation, complete the main task, and answer post-manipulation measures, including risk attitude, confidence, and a manipulation check. There are a few notable changes that will be implemented in Study 2. Instead of manipulating the payment scheme, all participants will be required to submit their performance to a tournament, following the same rate of pay as Study 1 (i.e., 4 cents per problem if the participant outperforms a randomly assigned partner). We do not manipulate payment scheme here to reserve power for the main interaction effect of interest between gender and condition on time spent preparing. Stereotypes about gender differences in performance on the task will be manipulated through a statement about gender differences in performance supposedly found in a previous study, where men outperformed women or women outperformed men on the task [@Fryer2008]. The use of deception was one of the factors, in combination with the interdisciplinary nature of the proposal, that drove our decision to submit our DDIG proposal to the DRMS program instead of the Economics program. On top of the two manipulated conditions, we will have a control condition where participants are not told about any gender differences in performance on the task. If we do not find a significant difference between the conditions that establish gender differences in performance, we will be able to use the control condition to identify whether manipulating gender differences in performance has any effect on time spent preparing, while simultaneously using it as a baseline point of comparison for determining how female-typed and male-typed tasks may have differential effects on the choice to prepare. For the paid task, participants will complete a one-minute matching task, where they are first presented a legend with numbers and corresponding letters. Using this legend, participants must enter letters that correspond to the sequences of two-digit numbers presented to them. This task was validated in a separate study online with MTurkers. Since my own research suggest participants complete the problems in the matching task twice as fast as problems in the multiplication task, we reduce the task time to one minute to reduce total study costs. This novel task is used instead of the multiplication task from Study 1 to increase the likelihood that participants will believe our manipulation (i.e., that men or women perform better) [@Swim1994; @Nosek2002; @Cvencek2011]. If we used the multiplication task or another task participants were familiar with, it is possible participants may not believe there were gender differences in performance, or have pre-conceived ideas about which gender would perform better, based on any previous experience with the task they may have had. Also, our research showed that 80% of participants believed their score on the matching task would have improved with practice if they had been given the chance (`r apa_print(sec_exploratory5, n= nrow(clean))$statistic`) (Richards et al., in prep). Therefore, participants are motivated to practice before the matching task compared to other tasks where one's score does not improve with practice. 

In our study using the matching task with MTurkers, there was no significant gender difference in performance on the task `r apa_print(sec_exploratory3)$full_result`, and we did not find a gender difference in competitiveness, `r apa_print(primary_hyp1, n= nrow(clean))$statistic`. These results provide tentative support for the notion that the task is perceived as gender-neutral both in terms of performance and the decision to compete, providing a more conservative estimate of the true effects of the manipulation, since a gender-typed task will likely amplify our anticipated effects. Notably, participants were significantly more likely to expect women performed better when asked about gender differences in performance (`r apa_print(sec_exploratory4, n= nrow(clean))$statistic`). However, we required participants to choose one gender in their response, instead of providing the option to guess that both genders performed equally well. Thus, it is entirely possible that participants would have accurately claimed that men and women performed equally well, if given that option. Even though it is unlikely that participants will not believe our statement about gender differences in performance since the task is novel and there were no gender differences in performance or competitiveness, we include a manipulation check and condition on participants' responses to the manipulation check as a test of robustness. 
